README.md, before:

# Starter Packs
Minimal setups to start a project in minutes
## Checklist
All setups should meet this criteria
- [x] CSS: sort properties
- [x] CSS: use relative unit
- [x] Shorter as possible
- [x] Accessible

### How to sort CSS properties?

`postcss --config ~/Documents/starter-packs --no-map -r ./*.scss`

### How to debug database?

`docker run --name phpmyadmin -e PMA_ARBITRARY=1 -p 8888:80 phpmyadmin:5 && docker network connect <NETWORK> phpmyadmin`

## Setups
### [Express.js](https://github.com/quentinburgniard/starter-packs/tree/main/express)
Single file to start an Express.js
### [Express.js with Vue.js](https://github.com/quentinburgniard/starter-packs/tree/main/express-vue)
Setup to easily include Vue.js component in an Express.js app
### [Express.js with Vue.js Server Side Rendering](https://github.com/quentinburgniard/starter-packs/tree/main/express-vue-hydration)
Setup to easily include Vue.js component in an Express.js app with SSR component
### [HTML](https://github.com/quentinburgniard/starter-packs/tree/main/html)
- [x] CSS: use relative unit

Commit message:

docs: how to optimize svg

README.md, after:

# Starter Packs
Minimal setups to start a project in minutes
## Checklist
All setups should meet this criteria
- [x] CSS: sort properties
- [x] CSS: use relative unit
- [x] Shorter as possible
- [x] Accessible

### How to sort CSS properties?

`postcss --config ~/Documents/starter-packs --no-map -r ./*.scss`

### How to debug database?

`docker run --name phpmyadmin -e PMA_ARBITRARY=1 -p 8888:80 phpmyadmin:5 && docker network connect <NETWORK> phpmyadmin`

### How to optimize SVG files?

`svgo -f path/to/directory_with_svgs -o path/to/output_directory`

## Setups
### [Express.js](https://github.com/quentinburgniard/starter-packs/tree/main/express)
Single file to start an Express.js
### [Express.js with Vue.js](https://github.com/quentinburgniard/starter-packs/tree/main/express-vue)
Setup to easily include Vue.js component in an Express.js app
### [Express.js with Vue.js Server Side Rendering](https://github.com/quentinburgniard/starter-packs/tree/main/express-vue-hydration)
Setup to easily include Vue.js component in an Express.js app with SSR component
### [HTML](https://github.com/quentinburgniard/starter-packs/tree/main/html)
- [x] CSS: use relative unit
